HOOPP (Healthcare of Ontario Pension Plan) logo
HOOPP (Healthcare of Ontario Pension Plan)
Systems Developer 
Toronto, ON · Reposted 22 hours ago · Over 100 applicants
HybridMatches your job preferences, workplace type is Hybrid.  Full-timeMatches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.  Mid-Senior level
121 connections work here · 76 school alumni work here
3 of 5 skills match your profile - you may be a good fit
See how you compare to over 100 other applicants. Try Premium for CA$0



Am I a good fit for this job?

How can I best position myself for this job?

Tell me more about HOOPP (He...


Apply

Save
Save Systems Developer  at HOOPP (Healthcare of Ontario Pension Plan)
Share
Show more options
Systems Developer
HOOPP (Healthcare of Ontario Pension Plan) · Toronto, ON (Hybrid)

Apply

Save
Save Systems Developer  at HOOPP (Healthcare of Ontario Pension Plan)
Show more options
About the job
Why you’ll love working here:

high-performance, people-focused culture
our commitment that equity, diversity, and inclusion are fundamental to our work environment and business success, which helps employees feel valued and empowered to be their authentic selves
learning and development initiatives, including workshops, Speaker Series events and access to LinkedIn Learning, that support employees’ career growth
membership in HOOPP’s world class defined benefit pension plan, which can serve as an important part of your retirement security
competitive, 100% company-paid extended health and dental benefits for permanent employees, including coverage supporting our team's diversity and mental health (e.g., gender affirmation, fertility and drug treatment, psychological support benefits of $2,500 per year, and newly extended maternity/parental leave top of 26 weeks)
optional post-retirement health and dental benefits subsidized at 50%
yoga classes, meditation workshops, nutritional consultations, and wellness seminars
access to an annual wellness reimbursement program for health and wellness-related expenses for permanent and temporary employees
the opportunity to make a difference and help take care of those who care for us, by providing a financially secure retirement for Ontario healthcare workers

Job Summary

Are you a bold, quick-thinking, and driven individual seeking growth and challenge through collaboration with dynamic teams? If you’re intrinsically enthusiastic about being a change agent and influencing growth, we want to hear from you! The IT Pension Solutions Group at HOOPP is looking for an experienced individual to fill a permanent, full-time Systems Developer role. This position involves enabling Front-to-Back-office activities, holistically supporting HOOPP Pension Platform DevOps activities. The group values challenging the status quo, innovative solutions, team collaboration, and practicality.

What you will do:

Support and Maintenance

Participate in day-to-day release, configuration, and support activities for the platform.
Be part of the on-call rotation schedule.
Collaborate closely with users to continuously improve system stability and meet business needs.
Resolve complex production issues across multiple systems and technologies.

Agile and Collaboration

Actively participate in Agile Scrum practices, including daily standups, backlog refinement, planning, and sprint retrospectives.
Contribute during brainstorming and planning meetings, write wiki articles, and participate in issue and team retrospectives.
Foster a safe, supportive, and participatory environment that promotes ongoing mutual respect.
Ask powerful questions, create awareness, and guide individuals and groups in exploring options and decision-making.

Development and Delivery

Assist in delivering new features and resolving issues.
Build, launch, and support significant features, including planning, resolving dependencies with other teams, educating peers and stakeholders, and mitigating potential issues.
Quickly learn, evaluate, and apply new concepts and technologies.

Our Technology Stack

Languages and Scripting: PowerShell, Python, SQL.
Web and Application Servers: IIS.
CRM and ERP Systems: MS Dynamics CRM, MS Dynamics GP.
Collaboration and Content Management: MS SharePoint Server.
Infrastructure as Code: Terraform.
Application Performance Management: Azure Application Insights (or similar APM tools).

What you bring:

Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field.
3+ years of experience in a development and/or operations role preferably in mission critical systems.
Possesses strong interpersonal and communication skills, with an ability to take end-to-end ownership.
Skilled in modern development tools and practices, such as git, CI/CD, and unit testing.
Proficient with cloud platforms like Azure, AWS, or GCP.
Experience working with pension plan providers is preferred.
Strong collaboration skills, demonstrated by building bridges and fostering relationships with IT teams, business stakeholders, and external partners to propel projects to success.
Analytical mindset and innovative thinking to devise effective and efficient solutions to challenges, including decision-making.
Ability to translate technical specifications into business benefits to lead cross-functional teams, ensuring projects drive significant value for the organization.